### Executive Summary

### Internet Architecture
#### Internet Protocol
Internet protocol (IP) address are unique numbers that is assigned to every computer or device thats connected to the internet. It helps identify every device thats connected to the internt and wether if its a web-server, smartphone, laptop, and a mail server. IPV4 has over 4 billion unique IP address in the internet. IPv4’s has a 32-bit address space of four billion addresses, comapred to IPv6 which  has a 128-bit address space which is 340 undecillion addresses. Currently IPv4 has no more IP address to issue beacuse it lost its capacity but Ipv6 still has alot IP address to issue for the next 30 years. ICANN The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers. Its a nonprofit organization responsible for coordinating the maintenance and procedures of several databases related to the namespaces and numerical spaces of the Internet, ensuring the network's stable and secure operation. ICANN helps coordinate the DNS and manage IP address.
#### TCP/IP
TCP/IP is a new protocl thats shows how data is sent and received through network adapters, hubs, switches, routers and other network communications hardware. TCP/Ip is designed to make each IP addressopen and communicate over up to 65535 different “ports” for sending and receiving data to or from any other network. device. If Client needs to know the IP Address of whatever Server it wants to connect and it also needs to know the port number that it wants to send and receive data The TCP/IP helps establish that connection to send the data. Layers are important to changeing the technology by having each level of the stack perform a particular function and then it communicates with the levels above and below it. Which by doing it can help the technology grow by being bigger and faster. The different applications that run on the application layers are HTTP, POP3, IMAP4, SMTP and many more use TCP.
#### Internet Security
HTTP stands for hypertext transfer protocol. Its the most widly used protocol in the world today. HTTp is the protocol used today to for viewing web pages on the internet. HTTP Supports client-server model by taking your information or data then sending it to the cloud then to the servers were its kept. The protocol that is used to secure your data is HTTPS. HTTPS encrypts your data thats being retrieved by the HTTP. HTTPS scrambles your data so if a hacker was trying to steal your information he would just get meaningless information. HTTP also uses SSl which is a protocol thats used to ensure security on the internet. SSL used public key encryption to secure data. A web browser will ask the website for an SSL Certificate which will helo certifie that the website is safe to use. HTTP also uses a protocol called TLS. TLs is the lastest Industry standard cryptographic protocol. TLS authenticates the server, client and encrypts the data.
#### Securing your web browser 
You should secure your browser beacuse people now days have senstive data on there computers and by securing it can maje your inofrmation secure from hacker,spyware that can be used to steal your senstive data. One of the risks are client-side systems. Attackers use the vulnerabilities in client-side systems to take complete control of your computer and steal your sensitive data.
### Internet Programming
#### World Wide Web Consortium
Tim Berners-Lee, inventor of the World Wide Web and Director. It was created to help coordinate technology development and manage the operations of the Consortium. For my standard i picked web of services security. Xml signature helps to protect your data from hackers and malware. Which is very important beacuse its used to help protect your sensitive data that you dont want anyone to obtain. XML Encryption does a good job of protecting by using an  Encryption element which contains or references the cipher data.
#### HTML5 and CSS
The technologies that i used was i changed the colors and added a border.
#### HTML and XML
XMl is designed to transfer data unlike HTML where its displays data. XML tags are not predefined like HTML tags are. The basic unit in the XML is known as an element. 
### Components of a URL
#### Understanding a URl
Every URL begins with the scheme. This tells your browser what type of address it is so the browser connects to it correctly. examples of a scheme is HTTP and HTTPS. The domain name is the most prominent part of a web address. An example of a domain name is www.amazon.com. the anchor begins with a hashtag and is used to direct your browser to a specific part of a very long page, much like a bookmark. A top level domain tells you what kind of website your on for example an educational website would have .edu at the end. a default page has no file path provided.



